FBLA 2014 — Cybersecurity
1) What type of attack uses multiple computers to prevent legitimate users from accessing resources over a network?
password sniffing
IP spoofing
buffer overflow
Denial of Service (DOS)

2) What are secret keys used in encryption that exhibit regularities in encryption, or even a poor level of encryption?
Spoofed Keys
Weak Keys
Complex Keys
Unencrypted Keys

3) What are three methods antivirus software use to identify malware?
Quarantine-Based Detection, File Emulation, and Signature-Based Detection
Signature-Based Detection, Heuristic-Based Detection, and File Emulation
Signature-Based Detection, Kernel-Based Detection, and File Emulation
Kernel-Based Detection, Heuristic-Based Detection, and File Emulation

4) What is a computer that can be controlled remotely over the Internet to perform malicious tasks?
spyware
rootkit
Trojan horse
zombie

5) Of the following, this is the best method for protecting your personal privacy online:
use anti-virus software
restrict access to your personal information to only people you know.
don’t talk to strangers online
avoid all social networking sites

6) What are three techniques that individuals can use to restrict the availability of their e-mail addresses, reducing or preventing their attractiveness to spam?
Greeting Delay, From Field Control, and Address Munging
Ham Passwords, Disable HTML, and Greeting Delay
Ham Passwords, Address Munging, and Disable HTML
Address Munging, Disable HTML, and From Field Control

7) What type of attack attempts to circumvent authentication mechanisms by recording authentication messages from a legitimate user and reissuing those messages in order to impersonate the user and gain access to systems?
Man-in-the-Middle Attack
MAC Spoofing Attack
Replay Attack
ARP Spoofing Attack

8) This type of malicious email attempts to get the user to click on a link to a fraudulent Web site in order to steal the user’s identity:
spam
phishing
pharming
smishing

9) What is a violation or imminent threat of violation of computer security policies, acceptable use policies, or standard computer security practices?
Computer Incident
Computer Violation
Improper Usage
Unauthorized Access

10) Your computer should automatically do this in order to protect itself from malicious software:
upload firewall rules from your security provider
download and install updates
use a black list for known spammers
lock the screen

11) What is a collection of updates, fixes, or enhancements to a software program delivered in the form of a single installable bundle because installing is easier and less error-prone?
Service Security
Service Update
Service Kit
Service Pack

12) Which computer tool is used to read and write data to ports over a network?
hping
netcat
ipconfig
whois

13) What type of malware automatically renders unwanted advertisements whose objective is to generate revenue for its author, but could contain spyware such as keyloggers and other privacy-invasive software.
Shareware
Adware
Madware
GreyNet

14) Spam affects which one of the following sets of media?
E-mail, Newsgroups, and Blogs
E-mail, Instant Messages, and Blogs
E-mail, Online Games, and Blogs
E-mail, Internet, and Instant Messages

15) There are many ways to prevent the spread of viruses. From the list below, which one is the most effective?
deinstall e-mail programs
run programs as an administrator
scan all e-mail attachments
install and use a firewall

16) What contains the language that has been approved by an organization's legal department?
Login Banner
Config File
User Policy
User Poster

17) Internet browsers use this to keep track of the state of a user's shopping cart in an online store?
Browser History
Cookie
Cache
Temporary Internet File

18) A demilitarized zone (DMZ) is referring to a portion of the network that is not fully trusted. What type of network zones do administrators use when creating a DMZ?
Fully-Protected
Securely Protected
Semi-Protected
Decentralized

19) Which device can you install to limit hostile sniffing on a LAN (Local Area Network)?
Modem
Ethernet Hub
Firewall
Ethernet Switch

20) Your organization uses NT file system encryption to enhance security on your network of six servers. Five of the six servers have compressed drives and a new administrator says that it would not be a good idea to implement an encryption policy at this time. Why is the administrator correct?
Encryption would add too much overhead to the servers.
Encryption and compression cannot be used at the same time.
Encryption will not help secure your network.
Encryption will increase the performance of the servers.

21) Honeypots are used to:
catch criminals in the act of malicious attacks
detect malicious network traffic
attract attackers by appearing like a vulnerable system
filter network usage

22) This is a method for dividing a network address space into smaller, separate networks and can be used to protect sensitive parts of an organization’s network?
intrusion detection systems
firewalling
network address translation
subnetting

23) In this access control model, permissions to access an object are assigned by the object’s owner using access control lists.
discretionary access control (DAC)
functional access control (FAC)
role-based access control (RBAC)
mandatory access control (DAC)

24) What has replaced Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)?
Wireless Protected Access, version 2 (WPA2)
IPsec
Transport Layer Security (TLS)
HTTPS

25) Egress filtering is used to detect spam that is:
sent from known spam sites that are on the black list
leaving a company’s network
known to contain phishing attempts
entering a company’s network

26) This type of firewall hides internal IPv4 addresses from external networks?
Web Application Firewall (WAF)
bastion host
Network Address Translation (NAT)
proxy server

27) What comprises individuals from the computing, networking, and telecommunications industries and is responsible for developing the Internet's technical foundations?
Computer Security Institute
Internet Engineering Task Force
Information System Security Association
Information Security Operations Center

28) Ethereal is an example of a:
Content Filter
Packet Sniffer
Ethernet Analyzer
Web Scanner

29) What process do users initiate when making a secure connection to internal resources after establishing an Internet connection?
tunneling
channeling
network forwarding
private networking

30) Which security protocol provides privacy, data integrity, and authentication for hand devices in a wireless network environment?
WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy)
WSET (Wireless Secure Electronic Transaction)
WTLS (Wireless Transport Layer Security)
WAP (Wireless Application Protocol)

31) At what stage of the security system development life cycle do organization's purchase or build security solution?
Maintenance Phase
Development Phase
Physical Design Phase
Implementation Phase

32) Issuing the nslookup command along with a domain name displays what?
the owner of the Web site
the route information from your computer to the domain
the corresponding IP address
the network card’s MAC address

33) The users of your network cannot retrieve e-mail messages from the POP3 server. What is the first thing that you should check?
that port 110 is open in the firewall
that port 25 is open in the firewall
that the SMTP server is running
that port 23 is open in the firewall

34) What is the best way for end users to prevent spam?
use anti-spyware software
turn off e- mail relaying
not publically posting their e-mail address on social network sites
keeping e-mail clients updated

35) Which protocol would be used when receiving e-mail?
POP and SPF
IMAP and ODMR
IMAP and POP
POP and SMTP

36) What type of attack uses chat and e-mail to exploit trust relationships?
Replay Attack
Cyber Attack
Online attack
Chat Attack

37) Which one of the following is often the result of chain e-mails:
spread of a virus
phishing attacks
excessive e-mail traffic directed at a victim
spam

38) If Exchange users configure their mailboxes to deliver to personal folders instead of the server, the administrative options will not work. What is the file extension for the personal folders?
.eml
.ost
.dbx
.pst

39) HTML e-mail is common but dangerous. Why?
HTML e-mail allows malicious code to launch from the preview pane
HTML e-mail is preferred by spammers
HTML e-mail does not allow the sender to confirm the e-mail was read
HTML e-mail may not work with all clients or operating systems

40) What technique did the attacker use in this scenario? A user receives an e-mail that appears to be from his/her bank. Upon further investigation of the e-mail headers, the user figured out that the e-mail is a scam.
Spoofing
Man-In-The-Middle
Online Attack
Denial of Servic

41) What should you do if a user's mailbox is full and you notice an uncharacteristic amount of spam in the inbox?
delete all the users' e-mail, including the spam
delete the spam and enable the spam filter
create another e-mail account for the user
reinstall the users e-mail client

42) Which one of the following is considered a type of spam that may be done unknowingly by the sender?
reading an e-mail in HTML format
sending e-mail to your team on a group project
replying to the sender and blind-copying yourself
forwarding messages to everyone in the senders address book

43) This type of hacker may be ethical or unethical in his/her activities.
alternating ethics hacker
black-hat hacker
grey-hat hacker
white-hat hacker
44) Which one of the following deals with the protection of data against unauthorized access?
integrity
accountability
authentication
confidentiality

45) The group normally responsible for responding to computer intrusions is known as the?
Security Incident Response Team (SIRT)
Network Administration Group
Computer Intrusion Reaction Team (CIRT)
Chief Security Officer (CSO)

46) This is the method of subjectively determining the impact and likelihood of an event that affects a project, program, or process?
threat analysis
quantitative risk management
qualitative risk management
vulnerability scanning

47) What is the process of recovering passwords from data that has been stored in or transmitted by a computer system?
Password Shadowing
Password Cracking
Password Reversing
Password Distributing

48) Which Linux distribution specializes in routing/firewalling and threat management?
Ubuntu Linux
Endian Firewall
Red Hat Linux
Suse Linux

49) What answers the following questions: What needs to be protected? Who/What are the threats and vulnerabilities? What are the implications if they were damaged or lost? What is the value to the organization? What can be done to minimize exposure to the loss or damage?
Detection Assessment
Risk Assessment
Security Assessment
Vulnerability Assessment

50) What is an open-source tool that can be used to scan a network for vulnerabilities?
nmap
wireshark
Secure Baseline Analyzer
NESSUS

51) What is it called when an intrusion detection system sends alerts regarding events that really have not taken place?
False Positives
True Negatives
False Negatives
True Positives

52) This field indicates the specific or type of vulnerability that creates the attack opportunity in the first place.
Resource Vulnerability
Process Vulnerability
Mitigation Vulnerability
Exploitable Vulnerability

53) In a Microsoft Active Directory (AD) environment, this allows for centralized management and configuration of computer baselines.
Group Policy Objects (GPOs)
Configuration Management software
Security templates
AD Policies

54) The Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) is a set of hardware, software, people, policies, and procedures needed to create, manage, store, distribute, and revoke digital certificates. The public key infrastructure is based on which encryption schemes?
quantum
symmetric
elliptical curve
asymmetric

55) How does a message encrypted with the Public Key become decrypted with the receiver's appropriate Private Key?
encrypted message contains the functions for decryption that identifies the private key.
private key contains a special function that is used to encrypt the message and which can only be reversed by the appropriate public key
can only be decrypted with the public key
one-way function with back door is applied for the encryption

56) Which one of the following is a decentralized trust model that establishes the connection between a public key and its owner?
symmetric encryption
digital certificate
Web of trust
public-private key pair

57) The Certificate Revocation List (CRL) is defined as the following:
database of invalidated certificates maintained by the certificate authority
list of users who are no longer authorized for system access
document of certificates that have not been used in over a year
list of accounts whose passwords do not meet the corporate policy

58) What are the three primary uses for digital signatures?
Privacy, Authentication, and Interoperability
Authentication, Privacy, and Integrity
Efficiency, Compatibility, and Integrity
Authentication, Integrity, and Non-Repudiation

59) Which one of the following best describes the purpose of a digital certificate?
binds a private key with a user's identity
certifies the security of a system
affirms the users’ or systems’ identity
binds a public key with a user’s identity

60) A user is trying to access an FTP server but gets a message saying invalid login credentials, what is the problem?
the user has a virus
the user has a Trojan horse
the user has the wrong FTP address
the user doesn't have access rights

61) This access control principle means that each user should only be given the minimal amount of privileges necessary for that person to perform their job function.
least privilege
segregation of duties
defense in depth
lowest common access

62) This type of password attack uses a large pre-generated data set of encrypted passwords.
rainbow tables
brute-force attack
hash attack
dictionary attack

63) What is a method for verifying a person’s identity based on one or more physical or behavioral traits?
biometrics
token-based
cognitive
challenge–response

64) A user entering a pin code into a keypad and undergoing a fingerprint scan is an example of:
Two-factor Authentication
Single-factor Authentication
Common Authentication
Two-factor Authorization

65) What authentication method is often implemented using a hardware token that produce a dynamic and changing password?
multifactor authentication
one-way hash
one-time password
Public Key Infrastructure (PKI)

66) A trusted-platform module (TPM), when installed on the motherboard, allows for which one of the following?
Full-Disk Encryption
Biometric Verification
User Authentication
Full-Data Encryption

67) Which algorithm is used to create a mathematically related key pair: a secret private key and a published public key?
Pretty Good Privacy Algorithm
Asymmetric Algorithm
Symmetric Algorithm
Kerberos Algorithm

68) Which one of these passwords is an example of a complex password?
Brian1994
qwerty5$
Red123
J4me$1994!

69) What setup should an administrator use for regularly testing the strength of user passwords?
A standalone workstation on which the password database is copied and processed by the cracking program.
A networked workstation so the live password database can be accessed by the cracking program.
A networked workstation so the password database can easily be copied locally and processed by the cracking program.
A standalone workstation so that the live password database can be accessed and processed by the cracking program.

70) What type of security ensures only the intended recipient can read your e-mail? Your boss does not want anyone else to have the ability to read an e-mail except the intended recipient. What type of security is he concerned with?
availability
integrity
confidentiality
authentication

71) On Post-Windows 2000 networks, what protocol is used for the data encryption during authorization between a client and server?
Web Resource Authorization Protocol (WRAP)
Host Credential Authorization Protocol (HCAP)
Kerberos Protocol (CNAP)
NT LAN Manager (NTLM)

72) Secure Socket Layer (SSL) uses what type of encryption?
Asymmetric
Symmetric
Ciphertext
Hashing

73) The majority of your business relies on your DSL line for Internet access. What is the most effective way to avoid losing Internet access?
Install a second DSL Internet connection from a different carrier.
Install a second DSL Internet connection from the same carrier.
Purchase Broadband Access Cards for all your employees.
Install a Cable Internet Connection.

74) In order to prevent any damage to data caused by the failure of a storage device, which one of the following would you be most likely to use?
Incremental Backup
Data Warehouse
Backup Site
RAID

75) What type of backup site has no computer systems in place, but does have the needed environmental controls?
warm site
cold site
hot site
disaster recovery site

76) What is the process, policies, and procedures related to preparing for recovery or continuation of technology infrastructure critical to an organization after a natural or human-induced failure?
Disaster Recovery
Continuous Data Protection
Remote Backup Service
Business Continuity

77) This tool analyzes the most important mission-critical business functions and determines risk of loss for business continuity.
Business continuity plan (BCP)
Business Impact Assessment (BIA)
Vulnerability Assessment (VA)
Penetration Test (PT)

78) What is the term for determining in advance who will be authorized to take over in the event of loss of key employees?
risk analysis study
business continuity plan
succession planning
business take-over plan

79) Determining the feasibility of the recovery process, verifying the compatibility of backup facilities, and ensuring the adequacy of procedures relating to the various teams working in the recovery process are examples of what?
Disaster Recovery Plan Testing
Disaster Recovery Plan Maintenance
Disaster Recovery Plan Authentication
Disaster Recovery Plan Training

80) The Automated System Recovery (ASR) includes which two parts?
System Restore and File Restore
Startup Process and System Backup
System Backup and System Restore 
File Backup and File Restore

81) What are the three types of redundant array of independent disks (RAID)?
Capacity Resistant, Failure Resistant, and Disaster Tolerant
Disaster Virtualization, Disaster Resistant, and Failure Tolerant
Failure Resistant, Failure Tolerant, and Disaster Tolerant
Volume Tolerant, Disaster Resistant, and Failure Tolerant

82) When an information security breach occurs, the organization enters into an incident response process. What three groups of people are involved in the incident response?
System Security Staff, Computer Users, and Law Enforcement Officers
Computer Users, Employee Supervisors, and Network Managers
Employee Supervisors, Network Managers, and System Security Staff
Network Managers, System Security Staff, and Law Enforcement Officers

83) This type of card is embedded with a thin strip that emits a low-frequency short-wave radio signal.
Key Card
Radio Frequency ID Card
Smart Card
Proximity Card

84) The most reliable form of proof that a facility was accessed at a specific time by a specific individual is/are:
proximity sensor
video surveillance system
door entry logs
security logs

85) Information privacy laws such as HIPAA require secure handling of privacy information. How should you properly dispose of secure documents?
Redact the private information and throw documents away in the regular trash.
Burn the documents.
Use a cross-shredder and throw shredded documents away in the regular trash.
Tear the documents into pieces and throw away in the regular trash.

86) This security concept uses the approach of protecting something by hiding it.
cryptography
defense in depth
security through obscurity
layered security

87) TEMPEST refers the study of compromising emanations. Compromising emanations are defined as unintentional intelligence-bearing signals, which, if intercepted and analyzed, may disclose the information transmitted, received, handled, or otherwise processed by any information-processing equipment. What is the best way to protect against compromising emanations?
shield the computer equipment
turn the computer equipment off when not in use
limit use of wireless technology
limit physical access to the computer equipment

88) This block cipher was chosen by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to replace DES as the U.S .encryption standard.
International Data Encryption Algorithm (IDEA)
Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
Message Digest version 5 (MD5)
Standard Cryptography Methodology (SCM)

89) What type of cryptography is used when both the sender and receiver share the same key?
Public Key Cryptography
Asymmetric Key Algorithms
Private Key Cryptography
Symmetric Key Algorithms

90) What do you call an uninterruptable power supply (UPS) that stays inactive until a critical power event occurs?
Inactive UPS
Standby UPS
Sleeper UPS
Online UPS

91) This is used for creating a unique digital fingerprint for a set of data:
hash algorithm
steganography
symmetric encryption
Kerberos

92) What is an advantage of 3DES over traditional DES?
uses public and private keys
is simpler to implement
uses three rounds of encryption effectively increasing the key length
is more efficient for file level encryption

93) Which are examples of computer forensic certifications?
the Information Assurance Certification Review Board Certified Reverse Engineering Analyst and the International Association of Computer Investigative Specialists Certified Forensic Computer Examiner
the International Society of Forensic Computer Examiners Certified Computer Examiner and the Information Assurance Certification Review Board Certified Data Recovery Professional
the International Society of Forensic Computer Examiners Certified Computer Examiner and Information Assurance Certification Review Board Certified Computer Forensics Examiner
the Information Assurance Certification Review Board Certified Reverse Engineering Analyst and the International Society of Forensic Computer Examiners Certified Computer Examiner

94) During a forensic investigation, examiners use this to prevent file changes to the original hard drive.
Write Blocker
Hard Drive Integrity Monitor
Forensic Toolkit
Cyclical Redundancy Checker

95) The process of collecting, preparing, reviewing, and producing electronically stored information (ESI) in the context of the legal process is known as:
search and Seizure
iDiscovery
duty to preserve
eDiscovery

96) What provides detailed documentation of every action performed on a piece of evidence to ensure its integrity?
evidence inventory
message digest
incident response plan
chain of custody

97) Which one of these is a step in the forensic security analysis process?
Formatting a Hard Drive
Changing a User's Password
Security a Laptop with Cable Locks
Reviewing a User's Internet History

98) What are snapshots of key system settings and configurations at a specific moment in time on a Windows system?
MRU files
Slack space
restore points
System Recovery Point (SRP)

99) This Public Law provides additional penalties for related activities in connection with access devices and computers.
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986
Privacy Act of 1974
Comprehensive Crime Control Act of 1984
Computer Security Act of 1987

100) In the United States, what agency is responsible for setting computer standards for the federal government?
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
Department of Homestead Security (DHS)
Department of Defense (DoD)
Federal Security Agency (FSA)